[Note: this file was written by NOT_A_ROBOT, not Phoenix. The changelog is from the Discord, though, and I put it here.]
[Anything within brackets was not written by Phoenix.]


Changelog (from the Discord):


Beta 1
[no changelog]


[Beta 1.000000001]
Not even worthy of a fraction of a version number, honestly.


Beta 2
Main changes are to the name entry system, adding Track 7, and implementing an option to toggle Sonic/Hard Drop for each individual rotation system. 


Beta 2.1
Fixed some problems with scaling 


Beta 2.2
Added a more detailed grade display (obfuscated).


Beta 2.3
Fixed pieces locking in mid-air
Slight gameplay rebalance for Heaven
Save format modifications to accommodate future gamemodes


Beta 3
Further rebalancing for Heaven
Leaderboards for Pandaemonium
Slight save format changes
Background Animations!
GM grade available!
Reworked the OST to use MIDI libraries instead of the janky and awkward-sounding samples it used before.
A 


Beta 3.1
Pandaemonium now needs to be unlocked; reach Lv500 in Hell with any RS to do so.
Added the option to disable BGAs
In regards to the above, you can use a Beta 3 savefile, but you'll need to re-enable BGAs if you want them.
c 


Beta 4
Otherwise known as the "Why did I bother releasing Beta 3.1 in the first place?" update.
Changed the precedent system slightly; it now only regards your top three games from the five-game period.
t


Beta 5
GM+ now displays with cycling colors rather than a plus
Leaderboard and grade display bugs fixed
Volume Controls
Added more sound effects
Grade cap raised further; all grades attainable aside from the maximum now
You will need a new save file, unfortunately, because of the volume controls - new save files will also be required with the release of Delta 1, when that happens
This will be the last Beta build unless a horrible bug is discovered that completely breaks everything.
i 



[note: the last letter of the changelog from Beta 3 to 5 spells out "Acti", which is short for the hidden mode called Activation.]